How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It positions the two excerpts together

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will save time

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I would have total control over changes
	I can go back to earlier drafts

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Programmers need to work with multiple files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I am not sure about git log
	git diff will pick and show
	all changes

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always go back to the earlier version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Files for a programming project may be
	
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	I can only think in terms of safety
	If I lose some lines,
	Or if the program does not work
	I can revert to the previous version

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because many programming projects are consisted of interdependent multiple files.
	
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	I use 'git log' as a stand-alone command.
	I use git diff with two committed versions.
	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	I can always use the git checkout and the commit ID to return to a non-ruined version.
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I want to use it for projects in collaboration with other people. Practicing, push, pull, merge, and so on.